samples: bootloader: Add 9151 and 9161 support (#15432)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/security/bootloader/bl_storage.rst

* Invalidation tokens, used to revoke public keys.
* Additional public key metadata.

> The library uses either the OTP region of the User information configuration registers (UICR), when present on SoCs like the nRF91 Series or nRF5340, or the internal flash memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library uses either the OTP region of the user information configuration registers (UICR), when present on nRF91 Series or nRF5340 devices, or the internal flash memory.
```

Reviewer: Is it ok to say it like this?
Was just trying to avoid mentioning SoCs/SiPs, because nRF91 Series are SiPs and not SoCs. nRF5340 is SoC.

Author: I expect that this would be OK, but would like a comment from @oyvindronningstad  or @hakonfam.

Reviewer 2: LGTM

Author: Thanks @oyvindronningstad, can you check this PR as well? When you have a moment.
